gateway: clarify entiry-bytes out of range (#460)
ipfs/specs: src/http-gateways/trustless-gateway.md

A Gateway MUST augment the returned `Etag` based on the passed `entity-bytes`.

A Gateway SHOULD return an HTTP 400 Bad Request error when the requested range

> is outside of valid offset positions in full, and the gateway knows that upfront.

Reviewer: soft suggestion, my brain tripped up on "in full" when reading this on the first pass.

```suggestion
is entirely outside of the entity's byte range and the server is able to determine this
upfront.
```
